ios docs (#1373)
Appboy/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/ios_14.md

For apps targeting iOS 14, the following features have a change in behavior, or will require upgrading to the latest Braze iOS SDK.

- Geofences are not supported for users who choose the new  _approximate location_ permission.
- Using the "Last Known Location" targeting functionality will require upgrading your Braze SDK to work with the new _approximate location_ permission.
- Expect a sudden decrease in IDFA availability which now requires a permission prompt.

> - iOS 14 has removed provisional push authorization in favor of opting users into an initial "quiet" push setting.

Author: ```suggestion
- iOS 14 has removed provisional push authorization in favor of opting users into an initial "quiet" push setting.
```

### Push Authorization

> We have observed changes in iOS 14 which indicate the removal of Provisional Push Authorization introduced in 2018 (iOS 12). As a result, newly installed apps will be authorized to receive push notifications _quietly_, within the user's notification tray.

Author: ```suggestion
We have observed an undocumented change in iOS 14 which indicate the removal of Provisional Push Authorization introduced in 2018 (iOS 12). As a result, newly installed apps will be authorized to receive push notifications _quietly_, within the user's notification tray.
```

> We have observed an undocumented change in iOS 14 which indicate the removal of Provisional Push Authorization introduced in 2018 (iOS 12). As a result, newly installed apps will be authorized to receive push notifications _quietly_, within the user's notification tray.

Author: ```suggestion
We have observed an undocumented change in iOS 14 which may indicate the removal of Provisional Push Authorization introduced in 2018 (iOS 12). As a result, newly installed apps may be authorized to receive push notifications _quietly_, within the user's notification tray. We'll continue to monitor and update this guide as future iOS 14 beta versions are released.
```
